SQS migration mode options (#5480)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sqs/topology_pub-sub_sqs_[5,).partial.md

The topology (topics and subscriptions) is created automatically by the subscribing endpoints. Topology deployment can be automated, or manually created, using the transport CLI tool. Refer to the [transport operations section](/transports/sqs/operations-scripting.md) for more information.

#### Backwards compatibility

> Native support for SNS was [introduced in version 5](/transports/upgrades/amazonsqs-4to5.md#native-publish-subscribe) of the Amazon SQS transport. In able to upgrade from message-driven publish-subscribe to SNS a backwards compatibility mode was introduced. This compatibility mode requires usage of the Amazon SQS client SDK which can be throttled by AWS in specific scenarios; mostly high-throughput scenarios with many different types of events that are being published at the same time. Since version 5.4 of the NServiceBus SQS Transport, it is by default able to deal with most of these scenarios. In the case NServiceBus reports warnings about excessive rate limiting, there is the option to modify [the default settings](/transports/sqs/configuration-options.md#message-driven-pubsub-compatibility-mode).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with [version 5](/transports/upgrades/amazonsqs-4to5.md#native-publish-subscribe) the SQS Transport uses SNS for publish-subscribe messaging. Communication with endpoints running on older versions is still possible via publish-subscribe compatibility mode. A publisher running in this mode will publish events both through SNS topics and unicast messaging destined to input queues of the older endpoints.

The compatibility mode requires SNS topology information that is queried by the endpoint using Amazon SQS client SDK. The API can be throttled by AWS - mostly in high-throughput scenarios that occur when many different types of events are being published at the same time. As a result, version 5.4 of the NServiceBus SQS Transport, introduced a caching mechanism that prevents API throttling from interfering with message processing in most of the scenarios. 
```

> The topic cache and subscription cache can be extended to prevent additional rate limiting. The message visibility timeout can be extended if messages are returned to the queue before NServiceBus had the change to process the message and publish new messages.

Author: ```suggestion
The default values of cache invalidation and message visibility timeouts can be changed using publish-subscribe compatibility mode [settings](transports/sqs/configuration-options.md#message-driven-pubsub-compatibility-mode).
```
